{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12020\viewh13500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 REFERENCES
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-800\sl550\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Arnold, B. C. (2008). 
\i Advances in mathematical and statistical modeling
\i0 . Boston, MA: Birkh\'e4user.\
Farouni, R. (2015, April 26). Bayesian Factor Analysis. Retrieved April 01, 2017, from http://rfarouni.github.io/2015-04-26-fa/\
Ghosh, J., & Dunson, D. B. (2009). Default Prior Distributions and Efficient Posterior Computation in Bayesian Factor Analysis. 
\i Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics,
\i0  
\i 18
\i0 (2), 306-320.\
Heerwegh, D. (2014). Small Sample Bayesian Factor Analysis. 
\i Proceedings of PhUSE,
\i0  1-18. Retrieved from http://www.lexjansen.com/phuse/2014/sp/SP03.pdf\
Morey, R. D. (n.d.). Using the 'BayesFactor' package, version 0.9.2. Retrieved April 01, 2017, from http://bayesfactorpcl.r-forge.r-project.org/\
Press, S. J., & Shigemasu, K. (1989). Bayesian Inference in Factor Analysis. 
\i Contributions to Probability and Statistics,
\i0  271-287.\
R: Markov chain Monte Carlo for Ordinal Data Factor Analysis Model. (n.d.). Retrieved April 03, 2017, from http://ugrad.stat.ubc.ca/R/library/MCMCpack/html/MCMCordfactanal.html\
Rowe, D. B., & Press, S. J. (1994). Bayesian Factor Analysis By Gibbs Sampling and Iterated Conditional Modes.\
VanderPlas, J. (2014, March 11). Frequentism and Bayesianism: A Practical Introduction. Retrieved April 06, 2017, from http://jakevdp.github.io/blog/2014/03/11/frequentism-and-bayesianism-a-practical-intro/\
Yampolsky, M. A., Amiot, C. E., & Sablonni\'e8re, R. D. (2016). The Multicultural Identity Integration Scale (MULTIIS): Developing a comprehensive measure for configuring one\'92s multiple cultural identities within the self. 
\i Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology,
\i0  
\i 22
\i0 (2), 166-184.}